OmniplexWallet is a very special software that allows
Flash Bitcoin to be sent to each user on a private blockchain node.
(Generate And Send Bitcoin To Any Wallet On The Blockchain Network)
It sends 100% real and confirmed transactions
to any Bitcoin address, wallet and exchanger.
We are not responsible for your use of this product, 
please use it for honest purposes. 
and if you encounter any problems 

OmniplexWallet Software Owner ( Real & Original Account ) Only account

Contact us on our Canal 

Contact Admin  

Telegram ID: @OmniplexWallet

Our Channel : @OmniplexWalletc

Mail : omniplexwallet@gmail.com

Website : https://www.omniplexwallet.com

Available in all countries ( USA, India, Indonesia, Asie, Germany, France, Italy, Europe, Egypt, Algerie, Tunisie, Africa, Australie... )

To Know : 

- Capacity: Omniplex Wallet program Supports Windows and Mac operating systems (using a cloud server).

- Activation: You will receive an activation code to activate 1 software. The code works for 1 software on 1 PC. The code will work forever. Each code is unique.

- Safe and Secure Your tools are 100% safe to use with our support team working 24/7 to give you the best experience ever! We guide you step by step until your first flash transaction.

- Requirements :  
	* Windows system: 7, 8, 8.1, 10 & 11 
	* RAM memory minimum : at least 2GB 


To purchase the activation key, go directly to our website https://omniplexwallet.com/

After downloading and starting the software, you will see your Product ID (Product ID is unique for each device)

You copy your product ID, and send it to our email Or Telegram: @OmniplexWallet

With your product ID, we generate your activation key

Finally with your activation key which will be unique for your device (the key will only be functional for your device) you can activate the software by clicking on the "Activate" button after having pasted the activation key in the "Key" box of product"

Copyright © 2024 OmniplexWallet (Legit Product) All Rights Reserved
